and talking about cars see new ford f-150
a giant that lavishes chrome and
striking visual
Ford presented with
enthusiasm the new generation of pickup truck
f-150 during the detroit hall in
January this year
the market- leading pickup truck for more
a decade
the model was reformulated
complete and brought the
bodywork with various parts made in
aluminum
the result was a reduction in weight of
320 pounds and significant improvements in
consumption
the robust appearance remained together
with protruding wheel arches and please
carved in the front
now the headlights and taillights
are led
the pickup truck has on the American market five
versions and there is still an off road package
called fx 4 which brings locking
electronic rear axle protectors and
shock absorbers for off - road use
very comfortable inside space beyond
a sophisticated finish the interior of the
f-150 is one of the trumps of the model and
much praised by its owners
unfortunately there are no concrete forecasts
of this giant on wheels to be imported
To Brazil though the Ford does not discard
this possibility would be very good indeed
it was a f150 running through our wetland